blog(2.31): correct AI control granularity to platform-level (#5157)
FlowFuse/website: src/blog/2026/06/flowfuse-release-2-31.md

## What else is new?

> - **Control over where AI runs:** FlowFuse Cloud enables AI by default, and you can toggle it per team. Self-Hosted Enterprise disables it by default; you can toggle it per team, or platform-wide via the `ai.enabled` configuration option (which overrides team-level settings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Control over where AI runs:** FlowFuse Cloud enables AI by default and you can toggle it per team. For Self-Hosted Enterprise, it is disabled by default for the platform but can be enabled via the `ai.enabled` configuration option. Once enabled, the same per team control is possible.
```

I suspect this is more accurate (though my wording may need a little work)

Also, not to cover old ground (and old posts) there are other configuration settings (like tokens) involved in the whole process

Reviewer: @dimitrieh ^

Author: ```suggestion
- **Control over where AI runs:** FlowFuse Cloud enables AI by default and you can toggle it per team. For Self-Hosted Enterprise, it is opt-in configurable for the platform via the `ai.enabled` configuration option. Once enabled, the same per team control is possible.
```

Author: @Steve-Mcl yess, what about ^
